so I never saw the powerlines now behind
me
it's a low-flying
look at that just missing the floor go
judge my depth perception no don't hit
trees see some thrust-vectoring loops
see how slow see how fast we go to
circle it's about 3/4 throttle don't go
much faster because I'm misjudge the
trees trees just look like a blur to me
the moment
whoa that's close well you're focusing
like that on the play the trees is
ladies a blur
at full throttle its full throat Oh
psycho
I will get down oh good
and then we just pick it up now enough
of that
know what decide to come back do some
high-altitude spins it's definitely
scary when you do they need to just
select other sticks for a second for it
to get back Oh show you do some spins on
this just let go of the the right stick
just to get it back it's pretty good at
aerobatic display now
there's tons of birds find out there and
the real plane
see how quick that sizes
thrust-vectoring that that's crazy how
quick that turns they come straight
towards me and Ted got away from me
he almost stalls it tests it quick
look at that over oh that's my timer
I've run this battery a bit easier than
the last one because I ran it down to
like ten point six volts which is way
too low
it's having too much fun pretty good and
that's what happens only thoughts
downwind why don't I do that okay so we
put the David vendor stall nose through
its test the nose is broken which is
kind of annoying because this is the
hardest bit to build the rest of the
fuselage is fine apart from its ripped
out this bit a little bit of glue
that'll fix it I think it's because I
put a pretty strong like fiber tape
thingy on it and I just ripped it out at
least the nose saver worked wasn't out
of a hard crash to be honest
I'm servers are fine um yeah let's go
build a new nose it's kind of annoying
because to me ages to build his nose
let's go back in and get building I like
to thank you for watching please
subscribe for more roll control videos
and goodbye